yes I was Jablin hair and happy new year
to walk today I thought I'd bring alive
squad builder up for you a bit of a fun
one to celebrate the new year and you
think it wise that chemistry so bad but
it's because if you notice within a new
year's day squad builder sit got anarchy
of our New Year's Day joke our last New
Year's Day Shane Duffy New Year's Day
Abdul a bar New Year's Day Steven Davis
New Year's Day Chuck New Year's
Day Stefan ran our New Year's Day Juan
Sanchez me know New Year's Day Victor I
are Victor a yalla yalla New Year's Day
christian martinez borja New Year's Day
and Jos a verdict nicholas AKA touch New
Year's Day this is the new year's day
squad turns out there was actually quite
a lot of players but new year's day John
Flanagan being one of them but can't
find a right-back cousin and wife you're
ruined brain that really really black
player the right back rough one he's not
gonna go anymore but he was New Year's
Day as well so one free back let's see
how we get on hopefully we don't get
punished too badly ok that's alright as
long as he plays and yep okay we're
gonna cry the Qashqai its could help out
in this situation what's he Rocking ok
so it's got a lot of decent plays in
there just no chemistry these could
cause me damage if I'm honest I
bangalore a duo Zaha here just done pika
game that's good no he's not happy that
me to play on his birthday once it often
any wants an early bath hope you all did
have a great night last night whatever
you did let me know below did you go to
a party did you go did you just stay and
we mate what did you do let me know
below
no no no oh my god that's so that was
always gonna be out there was gonna be a
go I want it it was gonna be scrapped
here it's probably gonna be a rebound
and that's exactly what they've got
there and he was on side as well Joe
Ledley makes it one now no he's gonna
sweat oh my god that's cheap one such as
me like oh we're getting donae'o
now we've been absolutely torn apart
valla denote by the dildo as
donors there Andrew pink sliced open I
don't know how that would that's caught
me off guard there then you get lucky
but now this one Timmy febrile both and
these that was too easy for him this is
embarrassing wow they come on nope
powerless to resist within then starting
to making the count for ourselves as
well and we just get caught sleeping at
the back and it's as simple as that for
him defense of all got I and clumps four
feet why is it locked off the players
use in keep do don't think he's hitting
right now you moved out the way of it
like I just I don't get wise moves out
the way of it there look come to me shot
straight I am and he's moved out the way
of it you throw that's embarrassing me
we got long throws
no but we can shut up shoot school yes
we don't even gotta go back yes I was
fun scored was done it we managed to
score that's a personal accomplishment
that all was looking for their and nice
gold back and Steven Davis had done it
bug ball off his top he's timed it
across and there he couldn't miss he
couldn't miss water that's the best part
of the air that is the best called ice
called 2015 oh you know I is the best
gold I've scored of 2015 and there we
have it we've been absolutely destroyed
but that's what was expecting hurt you
enjoyed seeing me get embarrassed if you
did leave a like I hope your did have a
great day and everyone has a great year
to look forward to I'll see you all
tomorrow